Edits to the Read File (#207)
lxgr-linux/pokete: README.md

Try it out [online](https://replit.com/@lxgr-linux/pokete).

## How to play?

> Imagine you’re a Pokete-Trainer and you run around in the world to catch/train as many Poketes as possible with the ultimate goal of becoming the best trainer.

Reviewer: Why change the apostrophes?

> Imagine you’re a Pokete-Trainer and you run around in the world to catch/train as many Poketes as possible with the ultimate goal of becoming the best trainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine you're a Pokete-Trainer and you run around in the world to catch/train as many Poketes as possible with the ultimate goal of becoming the best trainer.
```

## Tips
- In conversations you can very easily skip the text printing by pressing any key
- When you want to see the next text in a conversation: press any key

> - Don’t play on full-screen; the game will not run properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't play on full-screen; the game will not run properly
```
